# OnlineExaminationPortal
In this project, we are going to create an Online Examination portal.  It will contain a login for students and a login for Admins/Professors. A student/Admin can log in with their username and password, and if they don’t have an account then they can sign up. After logging in, the students can attempt MCQ tests, and can see their score after the test gets over. If the student is new and does not have an account yet, then they have the option of signing up. After logging in, the admins can add, update, or delete questions. They can also view the scores of the students who have attempted the test.
Online Examination System is considered to be one of the fastest ways to conduct tests and have them graded. Online Exam Management System (OEMS) supports secure login and it also allows the students to attend MCQ (Multiple choice questions) tests. After the exam, the student’s answers are evaluated by OEMS. In this way it proves to be quite efficient. Admins can log in, add, delete or update questions. The Online Examination System does not allow the student to attempt the test after the allotted time is over. This system helps the educational institutions to monitor the students who are attending the test until the expiration of the allowed time. Using Online Examination System, students can create an account for test-related purposes. After attempting the test, the marks scored by the student will immediately be displayed on the screen. Admins can login and see the marks scored by the students.
